Harmonize hello-world wording (#143)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation: for-developers/your-first-app.md

Tag your application image to push it to your dockerhub public repository.

```bash

> docker tag hello-world <dockerusername>/hello-world:1.0.0

Reviewer: Should we fix `dockerusername` as well ?
```suggestion
docker tag hello-world <docker-hub-user>/hello-world:1.0.0
```

Author: Thanks updated everywhere https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation/pull/143/commits/f2625426f5b7269cc604ed6a33643dc771ac506e

You will need a few configurations in `iexec.json` to deploy your app:

- Replace app **name** with your application name \(display only\)

> - Replace app **multiaddr** with your app image download URI \(should looks like `registry.hub.docker.com/<dockerusername>/hello-world:1.0.0`\)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Replace app **multiaddr** with your app image download URI (should looks like `docker.io/<docker-hub-user>/hello-world:1.0.0`)
```

Author: Thanks https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation/pull/143/commits/19b6fd815951d29e99e386a576e576fde7c3d4a2 :)
